# Project_R_Econometrics
 The impact of general dissatisfaction with the country of residence on trust in politicians and tendency to vote for the "extremes".
 
How has the confidence in politicians evolved during the 2008 economic crisis and how is this variation explained? What has been the impact of this general dissatisfaction in France on the tendency to vote for the "extremes"?
To answer these questions, we used the European Social Survey. It deals with the attitudes, beliefs and behaviors of Europeans through a wide variety of questions, taking part in economic, social and political issues. This survey, conducted every two years since 2002, concerns 30 countries and targets individuals over the age of 15. We have limited ourselves to two dates: 2008 and 2010. Indeed, we have estimated that there are tangible differences between 2008 and 2010 due to the financial crisis and the states debt crisis . We have selected 26 countries and 9 qualitative variables related to the feeling of individuals concerning socio-economic domains. Finally, we added the unemployment rate to these variables in order to have a quantitative variable.
We first analyzed panel data: we followed the same countries between 2008 and 2010 to explain the variation in the trust given to politicians in 26 European countries. Then, in order to study the vote for the parties that are positioned at the extremes of the political spectrum in France, we considered a probit model and an ordered polytomic model that distinguishes the extreme right from the extreme left. The code is in R and is enclosed.
